once on a family day out i got the
jitters
and had to flee an owl sanctuary
please t what gave you the jitters i
well i'd been asked to have a photograph
of me
taken uh holding an owl right
where was this in uh cornwall i'm on
holiday with your family yes oh it was
recently
yes oh i think it meant as a child with
your parents as a fully grown man
as a fully grown man you've got the
jitters add up man i gotta
got the jitters because you thought the
owl might be a bit terrifying
yeah david can i say that if you
were my partner and we were at an
hour sanctuary and you got the jitters
yeah it fled
you'd be toast mate i simply would have
no respect for you at all what you have
to remember
anna is that there's a long journey that
leads to someone choosing to marry a
person like me
and part of that journey is learning to
cope with a person like me
but also to be fair i've been to all
sanctuaries and they flapping everywhere
i mean it's enough oh
yeah they're predators i didn't know
which owl they were gonna put me with
right some little owl that's fine any
trouble but
you had a great big one like a like a
mini post box
who was it who asked you for a phone i
think it might have been the manager of
the owl sanctuary
he wanted a photograph with tv's david
mitchell yes
when i i was initially asked you sort of
think oh i should you
should say yes and then well you know i
don't know it's not like i want to hold
an owl i'm sure it would probably be
fine
but what were you worried about but did
you i mean i thought they'll give you a
big glove and i don't i never liked it
in science at school
you were where they were putting the
glove on no no i wasn't worried about
that i'm trying to explain but
this is like a four-clause explanation
so um how many claws do they have
then they've gone off they're not really
you know i'm saying do i now have to
sort of
go to the reception desk and say and ask
for the photograph to sort of go
is this what i said i'd get a photo so
shall we do that and then it might look
like i'm
sort of desperate to seeing as i'm here
will you please take a special photo
i'll tell you what sounds like a lovely
relaxing day out with you
so did you have to say to victoria um
i'd be happier if we left or did you
just say
we're going how did you approach that i
think i did it in more of a vague
pathetic way
let's go we're going let's go to the car
oh i don't like that impression of you
let's go i want to flee the scene
david i'm so sorry no i mean
she absolutely hates you exactly just
a bit of a handle on my own
self-loathing then this happens
these guys have been trying to build up
my confidence
for weeks this is the first episode i've
spoken
right let's have the voice of reason
johnny what do you think
i don't think it's true i think you're
too well-mannered i think it's true
because i think david is a duplicitous
person
all right um what are you going to say
lee you got a truth and a lie
i i can see david doing this they were
probably
on the edge of bankruptcy and they said
what we need is a celebrity to walk
through the door
then the music started and you walked in
and they're went the owl sanctuary is
saved
if you can have a photo and we can put
it on the website things will change for
us
but no you fled and all those owls were
put down
no you i've got to go with a sensible
one and say
true you're gonna say that it's true
david was it true
or was it a lie it was true
you